Doom Eternal
============
Table of contents

* Overview
* Story
* Gameplay

  - Weapons
  - Glory
  - Armor

* Exploration
* Visuals
* Audio
* Conclusion

Overview
--------
.. image:: marauder.jpg
   :alt: marauder!

Doom Eternal Marauder. https://bethesda.net/en/game/doom. Bethesda Softworks. 
2020. Retrieved 12/1/2020. 

Doom is set in an apocalyptic world. Earth is being invaded by demonic entities. 
Earth's defences have been destroyed and all hope is lost. Until the slayer
comes. You play as a man named The Doom Slayer set on a mission to stop the 
demonic plague and save the earth.

Story
-----
The story for the game is very straight forward. You are given a task to 
complete, you rip and tear your way there, do your objective, and head back to 
your home base to get your new objective. The story is meant to be simple 
because it does not want to get in the way of the gameplay which is one of the 
main focuses of this game. The story is there to give you a reason to do what 
you are doing, otherwise, you would just be running around and killing things 
for the heck of it.

Gameplay
--------
The gameplay is the reason why this game is loved. it is a very fast-paced 
action make you feel powerful and as you really are taking the fight to the 
demons. The game is meant to be somewhat reminiscent of the much earlier games 
making it so you almost never have to reload your weapon after using it. The 
game also has an extra life system setup like the much earlier games where, if 
you have an extra life, instead of dying and having to start over the encounter 
You gain some health back, a few seconds of invincibility, and then it is back 
to the carnage. I saw this as a nice change of pace and it helped the game not 
seem like every other shooter.

Weapons
-------
You gain access to a plethora of different weapons most with upgrades for you 
to get during the playthrough. Most weapons have two different firing modes 
that you unlock from equipment drones spread out through the playthrough. You 
upgrade these mods using upgrade tokens. You gain weapon upgrade points through 
combat or collecting the collectibles spread out through levels. After spending 
points to upgrade a weapon completely You gain access to the mastery upgrade. 
Mastery upgrades add an additional bonus while using the mods like being able 
to shoot more grenades out of an under-barrel grenade launcher before the gun 
has to reload. You gain this by doing certain sub-objectives during combat, or 
by spending a mastery token which can be found through exploration. I thought 
the system as a whole was very well done and again made the experience feel 
very unique.

Sweet, Sweet Glory
------------------
One of the most unique features of the newer games is the glory kill. The glory 
kill is a move you perform when a demon is at low health that drops health on 
the ground after performing one. This also provides you the spectacle of 
watching the slayer maim, mutilate, dismember, and tear demons apart while 
fighting the hordes of hell. 

.. _Glory-kill-link:

Sweet, Sweet, Glory
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
To see a live representation of glory kills
click on the link `here <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Dv6w1LaHo4>`_.

Armor
-----
The game provides you with an armor bar like the previous games but improves 
upon the system. In *Doom* if you run out of armor you were left to scrounge 
around the map mid-fight in hopes of finding some. This game changes that with 
the flame belch. The flame belch, once fired, make your enemies periodically 
drop armor for you to pick up, and slaying the demon on fire makes a fountain 
of armor spew from its corpse. The system greatly improves on armor and makes 
the game much better as a result.

Exploration
-----------
Exploration is a key part of playing *Doom Eternal*. Exploring the environment 
and finding collectibles is crucial to experiencing the full game with there 
being armor, health, *1ups*, action figures, sentinels, sentinel batteries, 
mastery tokens, cheat codes, demonic altars, and slayer gates to discover, 
unlock, and then experience. It may seem like a lot, but the collectibles were 
hidden behind puzzles, secret areas, and some good old-fashioned parkour to get 
to them to they all feel unique and fun in their own way to collect. I enjoyed 
collecting the secrets almost just as much as the combat.  

Visuals
-------
The visuals of the game are very well done. The overall graphics and look of 
the game are very well done. The HUD is meant to appear a bit like an arcade 
game to make it similar to the old games. the environments are beautiful and 
full of detail. 

Audio
-----
The audio for this game is probably the second reason why this game is loved. 
The music is perfect for this game. An outstanding blend of techno and metal to 
play the game too. In terms of sound effects and voice acting nothing really 
stands out, but the music does.

Conclusion
----------
*Doom Eternal* is a great game. The gameplay is very unique and very fast-paced 
making it very enjoyable. The story is not amazing but keeps you interested. 
Lastly, the audio design is absolutely phenomenal making the game very enticing 
just for the music alone. If you are looking for a great game to rip and tear 
then *Doom Eternal* will be right up your alley.