Batman: Arkham Knight
=====================

Table of contents

* Overview
* Story
* Side Missions
* Gameplay

  - Stealth
  - Gadgets
  - Riddler 
  - The Batmobile

* Visuals
* Audio
* Conclusion


.. note::
   This review was made by someone who played all previous games repeatedly 
   after they came out.
   this opinion stems from that. Don't get your Jimmy's in a twist and say I 
   didn't do my research.
   I assure you I have done plenty. 


Overview
--------
Scarecrow has come back to envelop the city in fear with the help of a 
mercenary army and a mysterious figure known as the Arkham Knight.



Story
-----
The story for this game is forgettable. I have played through the game multiple 
times at this point and, aside from emotional scenes, I remembered nothing 
except the beginning of the game and the end. You spend most of the game trying 
to determine who the Arkham Knight is even though you figure it out pretty 
early from the game showing you flashbacks and repeated references to a certain 
character that is yet to show up. Adding the Joker back in was an interesting 
twist but I am tired of having the Joker in every batman game in existence. It 
is not like **Warner Bros.** does not have a million other villains to work 
with and has repeatedly referenced and depicted the different villains of 
Batman but oh no we have to have more Joker. Overall I enjoyed playing the game 
and doing the side missions much more than having to continue on with the main 
story.

Side Missions
-------------
Side missions, as I stated before were much more enjoyable to me. They were 
short interesting stories about the criminals we have already seen but added 
new ones as well. Some side missions even tied up characters from previous 
games to give them a proper ending to their story. If you purchased the add-ons 
for this game you will also gain access to some additional side missions all 
adding reoccurring characters, but all have their own unique story and some 
have an ending to their story. Overall the side missions were something I could 
always look forward to while playing.

Gameplay
--------
The gameplay for this game is the sole purpose I came back to play it again. 
The gameplay was vastly improved upon by incorporating gadgets into combat in a 
much easier way. In previous games, it was better to not use gadgets in combat 
because they were slow to use and were usually the reason why you get by 
enemies. In this game that has changed. The game fully supports gadget usage 
during combat by making them much quicker to use and adding a special attack 
with all gadgets at the cost of a combo move.

Stealth
-------
Stealth got the worse end of the stick in terms of gameplay. aside from the 
new gadgets for this game it's the same knock out one then run away system. 
Adding the fear attack on multiple foes did help switch things up a bit, but it 
inevitably felt like every other game after a while.

Gadgets
-------
This game features some returning gadgets from previous games and some new ones 
as well. This helped the game feel fresh with having new ways to go about 
encounters in stealth and new ways to take down thugs in combat.

The Riddler
-----------
The Riddler questline is most of the exploration in this game and I thought it 
was a slog. Having to spend twenty minutes in a small area of the map because I 
did not scan something exactly how the game wants it was horrible and having 
the difficulty of collecting trophies either be staggering easy or having to 
solve a 100 piece puzzle for one was mildly irritating and annoying. I hated 
the Riddler in this game and have only completed his questline once out of the 
many times I have played this game because of it. 


The Batmobile
-------------
I did not mind the bat-tank combat in the game, but I understand perfectly if 
you did not enjoy it whatsoever. I am not sure why **Warner Bros.** thought 
that batmobile combat was a good idea but it is what they went with. I enjoyed 
the car chases in the game much more than the car combat and that the batmobile 
felt like another tool under Batman's belt.

Visuals
-------
The visuals for this game, like most games nowadays, were very well done. 
The environments are filled with detail and was a privilege to witness.

Audio
-----
The audio was fairly well done. The music grew emotional during the emotional 
scenes, held back during tense scenes, and full of pride during action scenes. 
Sound effects were well done, but nothing really stands out. The sound design 
was very well done.

Conclusion
----------
*Batman: Arkham Knight* Is a mixed bag. The gameplay is good, but the story is 
not. Exploration was either easy or aggravating. The Batmobile was fun to play 
around with but was strange to be fighting with. Lastly, the audio and visuals 
were nice, but nothing popped out in the audio. My advice: wait for a sale and 
play at your discretion.